# Hackathon Group Meeting Minutes

**Date:** [Friday, July 21st, 2023]
**Time:** [1:05 pm]
**Location:** [Discord group chat]

## Attendees:
- [Sim Sanghera]
- [Mumtahin Farabi]

## Agenda:
1. [Project Topic]
2. [Availability]
3. [Team member skillset]
4. [Delegation of responsibilities]

## Discussion Summary:

Finalized project topic, discussed additional features, skillset, availability, and delegation of responsibilities. 

### [Agenda Item 1]
- Decided on [Hackateer](https://devpost.com/software/hackateer)

### [Agenda Item 2]
- Sim Sanghera is in PDT, Mumtahin Farabi is in EDT.
- Sim Sanghera's availability (PDT):
  - 4pm - 11:30pm Friday
  - 8am - 1:30pm Saturday
  - 11pm Saturday - presentation at 9:15 am Sunday.
- Mumtahin Farabi's availability:
  - All weekend

### [Agenda Item 3]
- Sim Sanghera
  - ML/AI 
  - Python
  - R
  - TypeScript
  - Backend development + APIs
- Mumtahin Farabi
  - Project Management
  - Web Design in Figma
  - Frontend Development with Nextjs+TypeScript+Tailwind

## Action Items:

- [Decide on backend structure]
  - [Assigned to: Sim Sanghera]
  - [Due date/time: Undecided]

- [Create Figma Wireframe]
  - [Assigned to: Mumtahin Farabi]
  - [Due date/time: Undecided]

- [Create Github Project]
  - [Assigned to: Mumtahin Farabi]
  - [Due date/time: Undecided]

## Next Meeting:
- Date: [Next Meeting Date]
- Time: [Next Meeting Time]
- Agenda: [Outline potential agenda items for the next meeting]

## Additional Notes:
- [Any other relevant notes or information from the meeting]
